[4947][ADD] purchase_stock_price_variance (#107)
qrtl/axls-custom: purchase_stock_price_variance/readme/USAGE.md

> A warning message will be displayed during validation if the variance
> between the receipt price and the standard price exceeds the threshold.
> 
> Selecting 'Bypass Price Variance Check' allows users to bypass this error,
> and it is only visible to members of the 'Bypass Price Variance Check'
> group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An error message will be displayed during validation if the variance
between the purchase price and the standard price exceeds a threshold.

Selecting 'Bypass Price Variance Check' in the receipt picking allows users
to bypass this error. Only members of the 'Bypass Price Variance Check'
group can update this field.
```
